Does the professor have no girlfriend?
Who says you can't go to a party without a girlfriend?
Until now my girlfriend
Well, I'm not finished yet.
Try to hide again.
Why do you feel that Muzhizhi is different?
Mushu
Muzhizhi
Have you forgotten our agreement?
OK
Ah ah let me go
Zhizhi Longxi
Ah Mo Zhizhi
Who asked you to see other men?
I'm not Muzhizhi
I am Mu Zhizhi's cat
Forget about my master
You wouldn't even let go of a cat.
Are you still a person?
You even told this lie to see Lucy
Let go of me! I said you go see Lucy
I will make you regret meeting me
I'm really the director's cat
Mo Zhizhi
What did you do? Did you piss him off?
I really don't understand that you will like songs later
I like Lucy again, what about me?